kubectl diff and kubectl patch: add page (#18414)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/kubectl-diff.md

# kubectl diff

> > Check difference between live resources and files.
> > More information: <https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/generated/kubectl_diff>.
> 
> - View difference between live resource and file definition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Check differences between live resources and files.
> More information: <https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/generated/kubectl_diff>.

- View differences between the live resource and file definition:
```
